# STANFORD UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF MEDICINE COCA- CORONARY CALCIUM AND CHEST CT’S DATASET RESEARCH USE AGREEMENT

By registering for downloads from the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset, you are agreeing to this Research Use Agreement, as well as to the Terms of Use of the Stanford University School of Medicine website as posted and updated periodically at http://www.stanford.edu/site/terms/.

1. Permission is granted to view and use the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset without charge for personal, non-commercial research purposes only. Any commercial use, sale, or other monetization is prohibited.
2. Other than the rights granted herein, the Stanford University School of Medicine (“School of Medicine”) retains all rights, title, and interest in the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset.
3. You may make a verbatim copy of the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset for personal, non-commercial research use as permitted in this Research Use Agreement. If another user within your organization wishes to use the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset, they must register as an individual user and comply with all the terms of this Research Use Agreement.
4. YOU MAY NOT DISTRIBUTE, PUBLISH, OR REPRODUCE A COPY of any portion or all of the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset to others without specific prior written permission from the School of Medicine.
5. YOU MAY NOT SHARE THE DOWNLOAD LINK to the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s dataset to others. If another user within your organization wishes to use the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset, they must register as an individual user and comply with all the terms of this Research Use Agreement.
6. You must not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, or create derivative works from the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset. You must not remove or alter any copyright or other proprietary notices in the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset.
7. The COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset has not been reviewed or approved by the Food and Drug Administration, and is for non-clinical, Research Use Only. In no event shall data or images generated through the use of the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset be used or relied upon in the diagnosis or provision of patient care.
8. THE COCA- CORONARY CALCIUM AND CHEST CT’S DATASET IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND STANFORD UNIVERSITY AND ITS COLLABORATORS DO NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NOR DO THEY ASSUME ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE USE OF THIS COCA- CORONARY CALCIUM AND CHEST CT’S DATASET.
9. You will not make any attempt to re-identify any of the individual data subjects. Re-identification of individuals is strictly prohibited. Any re-identification of any individual data subject shall be immediately reported to the School of Medicine.
10. Any violation of this Research Use Agreement or other impermissible use shall be grounds for immediate termination of use of this COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset. In the event that the School of Medicine determines that the recipient has violated this Research Use Agreement or other impermissible use has been made, the School of Medicine may direct that the undersigned data recipient immediately return all copies of the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset and retain no copies thereof even if you did not cause the violation or impermissible use.
11. In consideration for your agreement to the terms and conditions contained here, Stanford grants you permission to view and use the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset for personal, non-commercial research. You may not otherwise copy, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, publish, commercially exploit or otherwise transfer any material.

Limitation of Use: You may use COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset for legal purposes only.

You agree to indemnify and hold Stanford harmless from any claims, losses or damages, including legal fees, arising out of or resulting from your use of the COCA- Coronary Calcium and chest CT’s Dataset or your violation or role in violation of these Terms. You agree to fully cooperate in Stanford’s defense against any such claims. These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of California.
